Token               Lexeme

identifier          Test_1
unknown             .
identifier          txt
identifier          Separators
separator           :
separator           $$
separator           ,
separator           [
separator           ,
separator           ]
separator           ,
separator           ,
separator           ,
separator           :
separator           ,
separator           {
separator           ,
separator           }
separator           ,
separator           ;
separator           ,
separator           (
separator           ,
separator           )
unknown             .
identifier          Operators
separator           :
operator            :=
separator           ,
operator            =
separator           ,
operator            /=
separator           ,
operator            >
separator           ,
operator            <
separator           ,
operator            =>
separator           ,
operator            <=
separator           ,
operator            +
separator           ,
operator            -
separator           ,
operator            *
separator           ,
operator            /
separator           ,
operator            -
unknown             .
identifier          Keywords
separator           :
keyword             function
separator           ,
keyword             integer
separator           ,
keyword             boolean
separator           ,
keyword             real
separator           ,
keyword             if
separator           ,
keyword             endif
separator           ,
keyword             else
separator           ,
keyword             return
separator           ,
keyword             print
separator           ,
keyword             read
separator           ,
keyword             while
separator           ,
keyword             true
separator           ,
keyword             false
unknown             .
identifier          Unknown
identifier          characters
separator           :
unknown             !
unknown             @
unknown             #
unknown             $
unknown             %
unknown             ^
unknown             &
unknown             \
unknown             |
unknown             ?
unknown             "
unknown             '
unknown             `
unknown             ~
unknown             .
unknown             _
