Token               Lexeme

separator           $$
separator           $$
keyword             integer
identifier          i
separator           ,
identifier          max
separator           ,
identifier          sum
separator           ;
identifier          sum
operator            :=
integer             0
separator           ;
identifier          i
operator            :=
integer             1
separator           ;
keyword             read
separator           (
identifier          max
separator           )
separator           ;
keyword             while
separator           (
identifier          i
operator            <
identifier          max
separator           )
separator           {
identifier          sum
operator            :=
identifier          sum
operator            +
identifier          i
separator           ;
identifier          i
operator            :=
identifier          i
operator            +
integer             1
separator           ;
separator           }
keyword             print
separator           (
identifier          sum
operator            +
identifier          max
separator           )
separator           ;
separator           $$
