Token               Lexeme

separator           $$
keyword             function
identifier          Subtract
separator           [
identifier          imVal
separator           :
keyword             integer
separator           ]
keyword             real
identifier          retVal92
separator           ;
separator           {
identifier          imVal
operator            :=
identifier          imVal
operator            -
separator           (
integer             2
operator            *
identifier          imVal
separator           )
separator           ;
identifier          retVal92
operator            :=
identifier          imVal
separator           ;
keyword             return
identifier          retVal92
separator           ;
separator           }
separator           $$
keyword             integer
identifier          low_av
separator           ,
identifier          high_av
separator           ;
keyword             read
separator           (
identifier          low_av
separator           ,
identifier          high_av
separator           )
separator           ;
keyword             while
separator           (
identifier          low_av
operator            =
operator            <
identifier          high_av
separator           )
separator           {
keyword             print
separator           (
identifier          low_av
separator           )
separator           ;
keyword             print
separator           (
identifier          Subtract
separator           [
identifier          low_av
separator           ]
separator           )
separator           ;
separator           }
separator           $$
