Token               Lexeme

separator           $$
separator           $$
keyword             integer
identifier          max
separator           ;
keyword             boolean
identifier          coffee
separator           ,
identifier          tea
separator           ;
identifier          coffee
operator            :=
keyword             true
separator           ;
identifier          tea
operator            :=
keyword             false
separator           ;
keyword             read
separator           (
identifier          max
separator           )
separator           ;
keyword             print
separator           (
identifier          max
separator           )
separator           ;
separator           $$
