Token               Lexeme

separator           $$
keyword             function
identifier          Hello
separator           [
identifier          me
separator           :
keyword             real
separator           ,
identifier          alice
separator           :
keyword             integer
separator           ,
identifier          bob
separator           :
keyword             boolean
separator           ]
keyword             boolean
identifier          modest
separator           ;
keyword             boolean
identifier          mouse
separator           ;
keyword             real
identifier          pink
separator           ;
keyword             integer
identifier          floyd
separator           ;
separator           {
identifier          alice
operator            :=
identifier          me
separator           ;
keyword             if
separator           (
identifier          pink
operator            +
identifier          floyd
operator            >
identifier          modest
operator            /
identifier          mouse
separator           )
identifier          me
operator            :=
identifier          alice
separator           ;
keyword             else
identifier          me
operator            :=
identifier          modest
operator            +
identifier          mouse
separator           ;
keyword             endif
keyword             return
identifier          me
separator           [
identifier          modest
separator           ,
identifier          alice
separator           ]
separator           ;
separator           }
separator           $$
keyword             while
separator           (
integer             1
operator            >
integer             0
separator           )
separator           {
keyword             read
separator           (
identifier          Hello
separator           )
separator           ;
separator           }
separator           $$
